[ROAD NOISE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Hi.
Thomas Howe.
I'm here for the
interview with Mr. Dexter.
>>Yeah, sure thing.
Just take a seat, and
he'll be out in a minute.
>>(RECORDING)
Relaxation Session 32.
Shake off your nervous
energy and think
about your special
place of calm,
and let all anxiety waste away.
Reach out now and
touch something
in your special place.
Breathe in positivity
and breathe out
all that nasty anxiety.
>>Hi.
Mr. Howe, is it?
>>Um, yes.
>>Great.
I'm James.
Please come with me
for your interview.
9:00 AM.
You have the interview
at 9:00 AM, is it?
>>Um, yes.
>>Great.
Come with me for your interview.
>>(RECORDING) Breathe in.
>>After you.
You sit here, and I sit
here as your boss, Nervous?
>>Um.
>>It can be scary to
go for an ideal job.
Order a Coke.
>>Water, thanks.
>>Are you sure?
>>Water's fine.
>>Coke's better.
Cheers.
So you like movies?
>>Uh, yeah.
>>"Star Wars."
You like "Star Wars"?
>>Mm.
>>Harry Potter?
>>Not so much, no.
>>What about Voldemort?
I love Voldemort.
Harry Potter is dead.
No, no, no.
Silence, stupid girl.
Harry Potter is dead.
From this day forth, you
put your faith in me.
>>I'm just not into it.
>>I'm not finished yet.
Harry Potter's dead.
>>So the interview's in here?
>>Yes, correct.
>>It's just that
it's gone 10 past.
>>Great.
We'll get straight into it.
>>Isn't someone else going
to be joining us, someone
going to be interviewing me?
>>Just me.
I noticed you're dressed
very conservatively.
>>It's an interview.
>>You need a bit of color.
>>OK.
Thank you.
>>I went through your resume.
You're applying for
a solicitor role?
>>Yes.
>>Why not senior associate?
>>Sorry?
>>See that painting?
Like it?
>>Yep.
>>That's an original Dexter.
I have a few of them
hanging around the joint.
So you've come from
Lamont across the road.
They are a great firm.
What made you want to change?
>>I didn't think the direction
of the company was somewhere
I wanted to stay
in the long run.
>>More detail.
>>I didn't think they did
much for the community.
They're just a
money-making machine.
>>We make a lot of
money here, too.
>>But your pro bono department
has an amazing reputation,
particularly with startups.
At Lamont, they
rejected a lot of
great-looking not-for-profits
because they only
dealt with more
established organizations.
>>I like that answer.
You're the first person
who's answer I've liked.
You do you know there's a
partner position going here?
>>No, I didn't.
>>You're the type
to make it there.
I can tell.
I've seen so many
over the years.
You know how long
I've been here?
>>How long have you been here?
>>Almost 11 years.
I started when I was 16.
>>Have a lot to learn from you.
>>Including your taste in film.
>>James, again.
Is that his file?
I need that.
Paul Dexter.
I'm sorry about this.
>>No, not at all.
>>James, you cannot keep
taking files off my desk.
I've been looking
everywhere for this.
This is not a game.
>>You'll be glad
I did take them.
>>See that trolley?
You see that, James?
>>Yes.
>>That is what you're supposed
to do, take around the tea
and coffee and do
the photocopying,
not role play with
my interviewees.
Shall we continue in my office?
[SIGHS]
>>Um, James, you asked me
before about why I left Lamont.
>>Yes?
>>So why did you ask me that?
>>>>[SIGHS] Because your resume
said a senior associate.
And you're going for
a lesser role here.
It didn't make sense.
I thought you might
have been fired.
>>And what did you think of
my answer when I told you?
>>I liked it.
You're willing to get paid less
here so you can help people.
You're not in it for the money.
You want more than just money.
He's genuine, you know.
I could tell he's not
trying to be a big shot.
>>James, stop.
>>Why this is all I'm good for?
What?
>>Come and sit here.
Sit down.
I want you to ask the
rest of your questions.
I'm very impressed with
what you've written here.
I want you to teach
how it's done.
>>You mean that?
>>Mhm.
>>The next question I had
was where do you see yourself
in 10 years.
>>Well I believe in commitment.
I'd want to see myself
still here, managing cases
in your pro bono department.
That's my goal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Mr. Joe White, is it?
>>Yeah, that's me.
>>James Dexter.
Would you please come with
me for your interview?
>>Yeah.
>>After you.
Mr. White, this is Thomas
Howe, one of our partners
who'll be interviewing
with me today.
>>Pleased to meet you.
>>Likewise.
>>Take a seat.
Would you like a water or Coke?
>>Water.
>>Joe.
You know how long
I've been here?
>>How long?
>>Coming up to 15 years.
Needless to say, I
know a thing or two.
[MUSIC PLAYING]